NOTE: (You can use the commands selecthero taintedreto or selecthero petrasPurpleHero4 to select Tainted Reto from the character select screen)

Character 4 is Tainted Retromation, or Tainted Reto for short.

"Tainted Retromation" is a reference to binding of isaac repentance, where there are unlockable alternate versions of characters, called "tainted [characterName]".

Tainted Reto  is focused all around one suit, diamonds. Why? Cause diamonds are red, and Retomations' trademark color is red, and hearts seemed inappropriate for a darker version of Reto.

Reto's Sword is a concept I really liked, in it being a weapon that dealt both attack damage and applied a status. It of course, needs lots of diamonds to fuel it.
Originally, Reto's Sword was going to be a color-shifted version of the shiny sword of poison, but when shifted to red, the poison ended up looking a whole lot like blood.
Since I want to keep Poker Quest as child-friendly as possible, I decided to use the basic shiny sword asset color shifted to red instead. The alternate asset is included in this folder, for any interested.

Shineshield is named after a Poker Quest concept, which is that diamond-based items use the prefix "Shiny".

Our last piece of starting equipment is the "Jack of All Games". The name "Jack of All Games" is indeed a riff on the phrase "Jack of all trades".
This is the item that makes things spicy. If you can manage 4 of a kind, you have all the fuel you can want for your other equipment and energy power.
This item was a late addition to the kit. To make things more fun for players I was considering adding a Pack of Diamonds to the loadout to make things more fun to play.
While considering how exactly to implement that, I remembered Retromation's "Let's Try" series (a personal favorite), and thus this item was born.

Tainted Reto's energy power is taken directly from an in game item, "Crystallize". The design process was basically the same as Olexa's discard power, 
in that I found the crystallize power, thought it was cool, and turned it into a hero power. This power also indirectly acts as extra draw and helps fuel your other equipment.

I designed both Reto characters around Retromation's enjoyment of the Paladin mechanic of multiple items vying over the same suit.
Tainted Reto originated from first attempt at regular Reto's kit, but there wasn't really a strong theme tying everything together, and there was no trademark Red Hoodie. 
So, I decided to flavor Tainted Reto instead as Reto gone mad for diamonds. I'm personally very happy with how the character turned out.